So in the previous five, we have covered the condition of player plan explaining the game, and in
total there are eight statements with some queries inside it and showing that these are the conditions
for making the player excellent.
Now what are the TOTALI combinations off making a player then?
So there are total this three three three three eight four six and eight four oh, so total.
We have took our 16th statement in a row to check that if a specific player wins the game or no one
so far checking that if zero wins.
So these are the assisted statements inside which we have written the similar combinations like one
two three four five six seven eight nine and one four seven two five nine one five nine nine three five
seven and at last oh nine.
So there is an additional issue.
We will come to this later, but let's take a look at this combination that totals 16 combination we
were talking about.
So there are similar rules for Fnatic winning as you are for the player already.
So we have similar combinations for with this.
So insane conditions are also seen just in the matter of fact that four player all winning.
We are updating the old count to +1 for Player X, meaning the X count to plus.
So you can see there are two blocks.
This is for the X count and this is for the account.
And if the player next means we are updating the scores and if X is, then we are updating the scores
above.
So this is the only difference in these two stats like FedEx winning and winning, and there are no
other like the visible difference I can see between these two functions.
So yes, we have covered all the possible conditions for making the player wins and at last, like we
have already assured them, I said we have talked about the dialog box and everything we have already
discussed, so we have a three to take grid and as you mentioned, possible combinations and we are
talking about 28 combinations for next winning and eight combinations for playing or winning.
So the one condition which is left in both to the player's chances is this case in reads like I said
two nine and what is nine like that in all the blocks are red and no player wins.
Initially, we have set out those zero and one by one.
If the blue blocks are started selling, then I is updated like I.
If this box office, I will be updated the one.
If this is, I will be updated total and total of nine.
So if suppose all the nine blocks fail and none of the possible combination of above mentioned here,
I did not arrive.
Then what is going to happen?
So if I make them sign, then none of the possible cases above mentioned, I don't know.
So that dialog box will appear and say no one wins and this will be going to the heading of the like.
I am talking about this now.
We have we have already discussed it in the introduction, but a similar dialog box will appear this
way, showing that no one wins.
With OK.
But then when we click Now button, the game releases.
So yes.
So this is all done like 18 conditions by far.
It's common in both and like it did for our Newtonian examining and the conditions for money in both
Netflix player winning is if I becomes nine.
So this is common.
So there are total nine plus nine incarnation scored by fun.
Now this thing is, I think, completed.
So we have checked the functionalities of making that specific right now in the next class.
We are going to set the function for choosing the player like this function name is going to be choose
player and.
If there is an if statement in saying this starting game.
So they're starting off game equals ignore.
Equal signal case, so basically expand or add height, uppercase alphabets only that are nothing special
in the same.
So does that game.
It should be so small.
So inside this if statement, if the starting case is X, then start and then next to players should
be zero.
So star game should be set to zero or whatever we see it.
And if there is this, there will be a notice, of course.
So in saying this, if the game is started, so I am going to copy the same stuff for this is and will
be stated and said this or to X.
So this part is covering that supports the Player X is starting the name.
So the next chance will be transferred to zero.
And if this is not happening, then the next chance to be given to X.
Of course, the zero is starting new.
So the next gen should be given X only.
So we have covered by far all the reigning cases like launching the application and choosing the player.
Now our next concern is going to be like initializing the contents inside the for.
Now you can see that this is our frame and we have to initialize contents inside the frame.
You can see that there is a great layout team which has five in a row, one three in a column and there
are total 15 blocks are like a banner title by then too, but it is basically an active and two scoreboards
for Playtex and zero, respectively.
So now that we have a dedicated function for initializing the icons contents inside the frame, we have
used this initialize head also, and I told you that we will be looking to it later.
So this is responsible for launching on the application like this application will open and after opening,
what is going to be consistent inside the frame?
So yes, this is going to be consistent inside the frame.
We have a frame with the mercy of a different component of this main library, and this is going to
give us a new frame of this dimension.
This is not like Atlanta with the highest of all the four sides of the frame.
All right.
This one submitted by this line, after which we have our default node operation attached to that frame,
we can exit the frame and that will be responsible for escaping the window in which the gap is opening.
We have a great content spin and the modern layout is set to zero, so let us try to check that whether
the frame is correctly opening or non.
So while we have I am free, we have like this pain.
I was talking about this was the pain.
We have a headache pain and there is upstream of this dimension we have already discussed.
So we have already converted our frames, so congratulations.
Now we will be setting up 15 like grid layout blocks, two buttons and those scoreboard.
So let us look towards that.
What are required after this?
So after the creation of frame, we are going to create the contents of the panel.
So we have a frame and inside the frame we have a panel which is going to kind of consist of now.
So to initialize the things within the panel, we are going to.
So these two are the functionalities of panel.
We are going to like bring it inside the frame and the panel is going to contain a great layout offset
three by five.
And then the weight of the border is going to be two by two, after which the panel is going to contain
a body now aligned border.
Like, you can see that here.
So I am going to run this and show you what is actually happening inside the frame.
So perfect.
The panel is created and we have our five by three divisions, which we are going to cover later saw
by the panel inside the frame.
And after this, we are going to add more functionalities inside the frame.
So I've been the life dimensions for the panel.
Now we are setting a the of lectern for all for Dumbarton Fast, and that button is going to be like
our action performing Gorton.
That is the action listener attached to the back button and an event is going to be performed on clicking
that button.
So we have a set that takes to start the game.
So if starting game equals ignore x, then Barton said foreground color to red.
So this first look is responsible for the first chance we are playing.
So suppose the first thing we are trying to play that John's my x, so we will click here and the first
chance will be played.
We are going to check this by running the program also.
So let's go and right on, Angela for this class and check that whether it is working on or so perfect.
We have set them back down for our first five minutes and we have also, said Barton.
Like our action listener, Barton, which is responsible for playing that fast just by default to exit.
So we have set the color like text for and therefore we will see it.
Firstly, check into that if it is working or not.
Actively soirées person.
We have set this part of working button, which is an event attached to it, and the button is listening
to the actions attached with that event of the specific time.
So we have checked it now we will go back to the program and look at the functionality.
So yes, this was the bottom thing.
We have said the button there in the background color of the financial blue and the action attached
to the button is that suppose if we hear click that button, then X symbol should appear in that block
off the grid layout.
So yes, we have done this for the first panel now.
We will be doing this for either nine, like we have total 15 blocks in the grid now, so we have to
set every day for every day.
But then like we have a separate input covering inside every button so that ninety nine like the to
the grid layout, is going to consist the X's and 0s.
The four blocks are going to be responsible for starting this course off the what the players and the
rest of our teams are going to contain these certain exit buttons.
Yes.